# NetworkSettings

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Bridge** | **string** | Name of the network&#39;s bridge (for example, &#x60;docker0&#x60;). | [optional] [default to null]
**SandboxID** | **string** | SandboxID uniquely represents a container&#39;s network stack. | [optional] [default to null]
**HairpinMode** | **bool** | Indicates if hairpin NAT should be enabled on the virtual interface.  | [optional] [default to null]
**LinkLocalIPv6Address** | **string** | IPv6 unicast address using the link-local prefix. | [optional] [default to null]
**LinkLocalIPv6PrefixLen** | **int32** | Prefix length of the IPv6 unicast address. | [optional] [default to null]
**Ports** | [***PortMap**](PortMap.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**SandboxKey** | **string** | SandboxKey identifies the sandbox | [optional] [default to null]
**SecondaryIPAddresses** | [**[]Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**SecondaryIPv6Addresses** | [**[]Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EndpointID** | **string** | EndpointID uniquely represents a service endpoint in a Sandbox.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0  | [optional] [default to null]
**Gateway** | **string** | Gateway address for the default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0  | [optional] [default to null]
**GlobalIPv6Address** | **string** | Global IPv6 address for the default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0  | [optional] [default to null]
**GlobalIPv6PrefixLen** | **int32** | Mask length of the global IPv6 address.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0  | [optional] [default to null]
**IPAddress** | **string** | IPv4 address for the default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0  | [optional] [default to null]
**IPPrefixLen** | **int32** | Mask length of the IPv4 address.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0  | [optional] [default to null]
**IPv6Gateway** | **string** | IPv6 gateway address for this network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0  | [optional] [default to null]
**MacAddress** | **string** | MAC address for the container on the default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0  | [optional] [default to null]
**Networks** | [**map[string]EndpointSettings**](EndpointSettings.md) | Information about all networks that the container is connected to.  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


